support aws ebs snapshot based backup and restore (#2065)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/grant-permissions-to-remote-storage.md

    Because the `Backup` CR needs to access the Amazon S3 storage, the IAM role is granted the `AmazonS3FullAccess` permission.

>     In AWS EBS-based snapshot backup and restore, besides the `AmazonS3FullAccess` permission, the following permissions are also required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For backup TiDB Cluster using EBS volume snapshots, besides the `AmazonS3FullAccess` permission, the following permissions are also required:
```

    [Create an IAM role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/create-service-account-iam-policy-and-role.html) and grant the `AmazonS3FullAccess` permissions to the role. Edit the role's `Trust relationships`.

>      In AWS EBS-based snapshot backup and restore, besides the `AmazonS3FullAccess` permission, the following permissions are also required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     For backup TiDB Cluster using EBS volume snapshots,  besides the `AmazonS3FullAccess` permission, the following permissions are also required:
```
